Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- What do you see?
What is that?
- Hey. move.
Let's push through.
How deep does it go?
- I can't see the end.
- Huh. Are we
going in?
Whoa.
- Jesus. Churchy. what are you
trying to do.
blind me or something?
- Sorry. Bill.
New camera.
- Yeah. well. you flash
that thing in my face
one more time.
new camera or not.
I'm gonna shove that
expensive piece of shit
where the sun don't shine.
you understand me?
- Yeah. sure. Billy.
I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
- How much you pay
for that thing. anyway?
Enough.
- Probably spent all of
last month's paycheck
trying to be something
other than what you are.
- Oh. yeah?
What's that?
- Couple losers. just like us.
Come on.
Shouldn't we tell
the others what we found?
- Oh. what are you afraid of?
Hey. maybe we find
something down here
we can actually keep
for ourselves. huh?
You don't tell
anyone about this.
- Churchill.
Churchill.
- Come in. Churchill.
Whoa.
Ugh.
- I got you.
What the hell?
Hey. Billy.
Buddy. buddy!
Fuck!
- Help me. please!
Oh. my god!
Go. go!
- What. what?!
- Go!
- Billy. what is it?!
- Just run!
Go. go. go!
Churchy. Churchy.
something's got me.
Something's got me.
- Come on.
- Something's got me!
Churchy. please.
God. please.
- Billy!
No!
Churchill.
Churchill!
- What's it gonna take
to get a little more
than a dance?
More?
- I just have one question.
- Anything. darling.
- On the record?
Would you care to comment
about the allegations
of drug use
and solicitation of prostitution
that has plagued
your time in office?
What the hell is this?
- Are you involved in
narcotic trafficking?
If so. does the police board
know about it?
And if so. how can you actively
lobby for the restrictions
of such things if you
yourself engage in what is.
in your own words.
"contemptible actions"?
Mr. Mayor!
Needless to say.
the mayor definitely has
some difficult questions
to answer in the coming days.
Questions that this reporter
is waiting for
with bated breath.
I'm Hunter Hazelton
for Channel 8 News.
For her role
in uncovering corruption
and fraud in the mayor's office
congratulations
to Hunter Hazelton
on her nominations for
Most Impactful News Story
and News Person of the Year.
Oh.
Hi.
Oh. hi.
Oh.
Hi. Mm.
- Hi.
What is she thinking?
She's giving us all a bad name.
- Well. speak for yourself.
I'm above that kind
of tabloid journalism
if that's what you
want to call it.
- Why doesn't she just go away
and leave the news to
the real reporters?
Oh. look. here comes the
future Pulitzer winner now.
- Be nice.
- Bite me.
- Hi. Declan. Annie.
It's nice to see you both.
- Hunter. congratulations.
Your expose on the mayor
really touched a chord
with a lot of people.
Lot of hits.
- Thank you.
It was difficult work.
but I think we got some
really incriminating footage.
And the DA is opening up
a new investigation.
- That is impressive work.
But I got to say. that. uh.
that incriminating footage
really takes you back
to that night in Vegas.
- Don't say it.
- Oh. that's right.
You two used to be a thing
back in the day.
- It was a long time ago. so...
- Still. there's history.
- And you two are a thing now.
- We are.
- Great.
- Does take me back. though.
climbing the local news ladder.
Drummond and Hazelton.
We made a great team.
- We were a team.
It wasn't good.
- Ouch.
Feisty.
- I am happy
for the both of you.
Really.
- You know. Hunter.
you shouldn't have
to demean yourself
to get this sort of attention.
You can be a real reporter
without the...
dancing?
Is that what
that was supposed to be?
Dancing?
I mean. don't you think
as a woman professional-
Dressing up in that getup
and dancing
to get the eyeballs going.
don't you think you're...
Oh. how do I say this?
Grasping?
- A "real" reporter?
- Yeah.
- The problem. Annie.
with your type of feminism.
is that it doesn't apply
to all women.
Only the ones whose beliefs
and behaviors align with yours.
Who's to say a woman can't be
smart. funny. and sexy.
all at the same time?
- Oh. the triple threat.
- Here's a fourth:
if you don't stop being a bitch.
I'm gonna stick my foot
up your fake feminist fuck hole.
Have a good evening.
I heard
you're nominated as well.
- I am. It's for...
- I don't care.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- I'm sorry.
I'm a fan of alliteration-
- Ugh!
- Come on. you got to admit.
that was impressive.
- Dad. Hailey.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Hi. Mm.
- I am so glad you guys made it.
- Of course. I'm not gonna
miss my big sister's party.
- So...
What do you guys think?
My story was the top
trending story this week.
Most views. hits and likes.
They re-upped my contract.
I mean. this could really be
the type of exposure
I've been looking for.
- Because of. uh...
- Yeah. Because of my
interview with the mayor.
- Well. congratulations.
- What?
What's wrong?
- Well. you know Dad.
It's just-
- Hunter. you know
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of both of you
for everything you've been able
to accomplish. you know?
- I know.
- And I love you
no matter what you do.
but do you have to do
what you do
dressed like that?
- Dad. I was undercover.
- Maybe next time be...
more covered.
You know. undergarments.
all of it.
You know. more.
Congratulations.
I'm very proud of you.
honey. Really.
Okay.
I guess we'll catch up later?
- Okay.
- He's just Dad.
- I know.
- Congratulations. though.
Agh.
Seriously. it is so awesome.
- Thank you.
- Hey. Can't let all this
great champagne go to waste.
You did good. Hunter.
You proved without a doubt
that there's vice and corruption
in the mayor's office.
Hell. maybe we can
finally clean up the city.
You did good.
Mm.
You okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm okay.
- No. you're not.
- I always wanted to be
a part of their party.
You know. wanted their invite.
their awards.
their approval.
Guess I just wanted to belong.
After all these years.
I finally get noticed
and it feels so...
hollow.
I have worked my entire life
for this chance.
I don't have kids.
Never been married.
I am turning 40 next month.
- Mm.
- Why does winning feel so bad?
- Mm...
White privilege?
- Oh.
- We can only
do our best. Hunter.
You're a damn good reporter.
I know that and you know that.
To hell with what
everyone else says.
I mean. you work hard.
Harder than most.
And you care about the truth.
wherever that may lead.
And as for all the other stuff.
maybe it feels hollow
because it is.
because it always has been.
And you just have to fill it
with meaning.
- When did you become
such a philosopher?
- I'm gay. We are
very self-aware.
- Right.
- Besides. haven't you heard?
Journalism is dead.
Who wants to belong
to a dying cause?
- Well. then it's gonna
be one hell of a ride.
Oh. yeah.
- Mm.
- All right.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Goodnight.
- 'Night. Cam.
- You dance to the beat
of your own drum. Hunter.
That's not a bad thing.
But it does get loud
from time to time.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
- Morning. darling.
I hope you have a wonderful day.
Morning. Carey.
- Eddie.
- Here to use the showers again?
- Yeah.
You know. things with Abby.
- Hey. man. I'm not judging.
- Still seeing what's-her-name?
- Janelle? No.
- What happened?
- Turns out I'm an asshole.
- Ah. join the club. partner.
- Have a good one.
- See you later.
- Hey there. good buddy.
Who's a good boy?
Big day today.
- Mm. Good morning.
- Morning.
- Mm.
Mm.
Hunter. are you in there?
- Fuck.
- You overslept.
- I overslept.
- Hurry up. the test
is gonna be in a couple...
Holy shit. Uh.
- Yeah. Cam. this is. um...
This is. um...
- Frank.
- Frank. This is Frank.
Frank. this is Cam.
- Hey.
You know. as a reporter.
you'd think
you'd ask more questions.
- That's fair.
Give me a second.
I'm gonna change.
- Just make it quick.
We gotta go.
Uh...
So. um. you work out. I take it?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. so do I.
I mean. not as much as you.
but. um.
I-I-I work it.
Um. yeah.
Hunter?
- Yeah.
Okay.
So this new mining tech.
what do we know about it?
- Engineers from Canada.
Russia. and the US
developed a new prototype laser.
Today's the grand unveiling.
Limited press.
Very exclusive.
And our passes will be there
waiting for us.
- Great. I'll do
my hair in the van.
Mm.
Hi.
I got to go.
but last night was fun.
The door will lock automatically
on its way out
and can you feed my cat
before you leave?
- Darling.
- Asshole.
- Hm...
You're still mad?
- You embarrassed me
last night. Declan.
- Wasn't the first time.
It won't be the last.
Besides. you and I
make a great team.
- Oh. like you and Hunter
were a good team?
We're better alone.
thank you very much.
Longest two weeks of my life.
I was really hoping
not to see you here.
- Yet. here we are.
Still friends?
Okay. just friends.
I'm cool with that
as long as we can still...
Oh. it looks like they put
everyone's A-team on this.
- Well. we can't let anybody
just crash the party.
now can we?
Oh. you're a bad girl.
- Mm.
You have no idea.
- Oh. I have some idea.
- Ah. hi. how can I help...
Mr. Davis?
- Hi. Eddie.
- Huh. Mr. Davis.
what are you doing here?
Didn't you retire.
what. two years ago?
- Yeah. No. no.
two and a half.
Well. how you been?
- I'm good. Eddie.
I'm good.
Look. I was wondering.
I mean. I don't know. but...
whether I might
visit the old place.
It's just. it's just
me at the cabin.
I don't get many visitors.
you know. so I was wondering if-
- Oh. yeah. the guys
will be happy to see you.
- Thanks. Eddie.
- Yeah. I'll sign you in.
Have a blast. huh?
- Hey. there.
Great.
It's not here.
It's got to be.
- Oh. hi.
Excuse me.
Hi. I'm Hunter Hazelton.
I'm here for the
mining experiments.
but my pass seems to be missing.
Is there someone you can call?
- I'm sorry. everyone
is already down there
that has a pass and was invited.
It's a restricted event.
Very exclusive.
- Okay. Thanks.
It's not here. Are you sure
they were leaving it for us?
- Yeah.
I'm sure.
- What time is it?
It's 8:40.
- The test is gonna start.
We gotta find a way down there.
- Don't look at me.
I mean. you're the expert
in infiltration.
- I have an idea.
Sorry.
Ah. Jesus.
- Don't be a baby.
It wasn't hot.
Excuse me. hi. Do you have
a change room we can use?
My cameraman
spilled his coffee. so...
- Downstairs. down the hall.
to your left.
- Great.
Okay. come on.
- Could've warned me.
- There wasn't time.
Okay. I'll be right back.
Hold this.
- But that's the men's room.
My shirt.
- Oh.
Um...
Think you're in the wrong place.
- Well. that all depends
on what I'm looking for.
- Not sure how to answer that.
- I need your help.
- Again. not sure
how to answer that.
- I'm Hunter Hazelton.
Channel 8.
I'm gonna keep my eyes up here.
There was a mix-up
with my press badge
and I need to get down
to where they're holding
the experimental mining test.
I know that's a lot to process.
but if you can get dressed
as quickly and help me out.
that would be swell.
I looked down.
Great. I meant great.
- Not used to saying no
to beautiful women
when I'm standing in front
of them with no pants on. so...
- So don't.
This is
a Channel 22 special report.
- We're going live on the scene
to Annie Markowitz
at the Morgan Mine.
Annie?
- Thanks. Richard.
I'm here with Russian engineer.
Alek Nicolai.
as he's about to reveal
a technological breakthrough
in the mining field.
I really
appreciate it. I owe you one.
- No problem. I'm Carey.
by the way. Carey Barnes.
- Nice to meet you. Carey.
See you around.
- You don't even
know her. Carey.
Just back to work
and forget about
the. uh. gorgeous.
beautiful. approachable woman
who entered and exi...
Dammit.
Ah. what are you doing?
- A breakthrough made possible
through a trilateral partnership
between the United States.
Canada and Russia.
in what hopes to be a new start
to foreign relations.
- Safety first.
I didn't think you were
gonna make it. Ms. Hazelton.
I'm glad you did.
- Well. from what I hear.
we're gonna see
some sci-fi shovelling.
- It's very exciting.
- Dr. Nicolai. tell us a little
about your machine.
- There are minuscule
pockets of energy in the air.
Small charges. static shocks.
- Yee-haw.
- What our machine does
is it takes these tiny shocks
and combines them
through a single prism.
This focused laser
can cut through
the hardest materials
with incredible accuracy-
All without drawing power
from anything but the air.
Revolutionary.
if I say so for myself.
No longer will dangerous
explosives be required
and the lives of innocent
men and women put at risk.
It's the future of mining.
- If this works. I'll be
in the unemployment line.
- I can't let you go
any further.
I have to stop you.
What's he doing
here? Who let him down here?
- You. turn that off.
Turn it off! Now!
- Are you still rolling?
- Yeah. We all are.
- We've just received
word that there is
a developing situation
at the Morgan Mine testing site.
We're going live right now.
but early reports suggest
that what we're looking at
is some kind of
hostage situation.
Viewer discretion is advised.
- Turn it off. Do it.
You. turn it off. Do it now.
Goddammit. do it!
- Okay. Okay.
- There. it stopped.
I've turned it off.
- Hilly. what are you doing?
- Stay back.
This is too important.
More than you know.
More than you can possibly know.
I tried to warn you.
but you wouldn't listen!
- What's he talking about.
Marshall?
- The man is certifiable.
He sent me a bunch of letters
saying I shouldn't blast
this side of the mine.
- I said don't dig here.
I told you. it's too dangerous.
Dig anywhere else. but not here.
- Hilly. what's going on?
You can talk to me.
Talk to me.
- We found something.
something evil.
all those years ago.
I was only a kid then.
But there's something here.
deep underground.
And it killed Billy.
And Todd.
And if you keep on going.
you're gonna open
the gates of hell
and unleash the devil himself.
- You said you found something.
What was it?
- I don't know.
but it killed my friends.
It took them away.
All this time.
I watched and I waited.
I tried to keep people away
from this corner.
but I knew this time
would eventually come.
I've been preparing
for this moment my whole life.
I can't get it out of my head.
Stop. goddammit. right there!
You don't think
I'm serious about this?
- Okay. okay.
I just want to talk. Hilly.
I want to know how to help you.
Let me help you.
- Help me?
No. don't you see?
I'm helping you.
You think I'm crazy. right?
You think I'm making this up?
Okay. you don't think
I'm serious about this?
I'll show you.
I'm deadly fucking serious!
- Holy Shit.
- Jesus. Dad!
Would it really kill you.
just once.
to answer the phone?
- What?
Why?
- You haven't heard?!
- Heard what?
Hailey.
- Hunter's down there. Dad.
- There's no way
I'm gonna take
any chances. Not again.
It'll never take me alive.
Churchill.
- What was that?
- You must've awakened it.
Help me!
Something's got... No!
What's pulling him?!
Help me!
- Me?
- Abandon hope.
all ye who enter here!
- No!
- Oh. my god.
Come on.
- Hunter!
Hunter!
Come on! This place
is coming down around us!
We have to go!
- An explosion has rocked
the Morgan Mine.
- Hailey. she's gonna be okay.
Hunter...
Hunter's a survivor.
- working underground
at the testing site.
and offer our prayers
for their safety and well-being.
- Hello?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
It's me. It's me. Hunter.
Carey. Remember?
- Oh. yeah.
Carey.
Oh. um. I'm sorry.
I thought you were. um...
- You thought I was
a giant monster
coming to finish you off?
- Is that what that was?
- Honestly. I have
no fucking idea.
- You saved me.
- Well. I wouldn't go
that far. I carried you.
I put you in the cart and I
went looking for survivors.
- And?
- None that I could find
but I found this.
- That's the bag the old man had
before he went all...
- Churchill.
His name is Churchill.
- You knew him.
- Yeah. I did.
Electrical wire.
Flashlights.
An old photo of him
and his mining buddies.
And a gun.
- Oh.
Oh. no.
The. uh. the gun.
Yeah.
- You know how to use
one of those?
- Do you?
My name's not Hunter
because my parents
were a bunch of hippies.
I guess I should thank you.
- For what?
- For carrying me
and making sure I was okay.
- Like I said. don't sweat it.
It's the bare minimum
I could do.
- In that case.
I thank you
for the bare minimum.
- You're welcome.
- Oh.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Oh. I thought that...
- Oh. Oh.
No. I was just. um.
just thanking you. so...
- The time and place.
stressful situation.
- So bare minimum
deserves a kiss now?
- I was trying to be humble.
- Try harder.
- Okay. cool.
All right.
- We should find a way
out of here.
I mean. there's still hope
that the others are still alive
and given the current
circumstances of the. um...
- Giant monster.
- Giant monster
down here with us.
we shouldn't stay in one place.
Agreed?
- Agreed. Let's go.
Okay. easy. easy.
Need to rest.
How is he?
- Who. him?
He's fine.
He just lost a little blood.
He'll be great.
Da. comrade?
- Sure.
I'll be fine.
- I don't believe it.
He just. he just
pushed the button and-
- We all saw it. Annie.
- Boom.
- Look. anyone that straps an
explosive vest to their body
and detonates him. or herself.
is clearly deranged.
Personally. it was terrorists.
- No. it wasn't a terrorist.
- Come on.
- I think he was
trying to protect us.
- Protect us from what exactly?
- You're telling me
you didn't see it?
- I have no idea
what you're talking about.
- The giant octopus
that attacked us?
You can't tell me
you don't remember.
- No. that's impossible.
There has to be a
logical explanation.
- Yeah. terrorists.
- No. he wasn't a terrorist.
Ugh!
- I can't logically explain
any of what just happened.
But we all saw it. right?
- No. it's not possible. okay?
We could all be suffering
some mass delusion
caused by a stressful situation.
Ooh. or a gas leak maybe.
- Biological weapon.
Did anybody get
a good look at the vest because
I'm positive he was all. like-
- He wasn't a terrorist. man!
- Well. I'm terrified.
all right. man?!
- It wasn't a figment
of our imagination!
It was a giant goddamn
octopus and it was real!
It killed your cameraman.
for Christ's sake!
- Okay!
Okay. you're right!
I'm sorry!
It was as crazy as it sounds.
a giant goddamn octopus!
Oh. Jesus. I'm shaking.
- Oh. god.
Here we go.
- Does anybody have a smoke?
- No!
- Hey.
What was his name?
- Whose?
- Your. um. your cameraman.
You don't know his name. do you?
- Yeah.
It was...
Camera Man.
- You got to be
fucking kidding me.
- Well. I'm sorry if his name
was hard to remember. okay?
What's your name?
- It's Cam.
- Cam.
Cam the cameraman.
Piece of cake.
I would've remembered that!
Not good. huh?
Not good.
- What are we gonna do?
- Die. Probably.
- Well. do we know if
anybody else survived?
- No. It was chaos.
Did you two see
what happened to Hunter?
- No.
- Okay. we're not in bad shape.
We're more than capable
of figuring this out
as long as we stay calm.
- Okay.
- We have two scientists
at our disposal.
We're gonna be fine.
Cam?
- Yeah.
- He's dead.
- Okay. we have one scientist.
- So. what's your story?
- My story?
- Yeah.
Who are you?
Details. you know?
- I don't know about any story.
You being a reporter right now?
- As opposed to when I'm being
a damsel in distress
who needs a big.
strong man to save me
and sweep me off my feet?
I am just making conversation.
And who knows how long
we're gonna be down here?
Hell. this might be
the last conversation
either one of us ever has.
- Carey Barnes.
44 years old.
Former star quarterback.
Scholarships.
the whole 10 yards.
- Oh. um. nine yards.
- What?
- The saying.
I mean. it's the whole
nine yards. not 10.
And. well. you said 10.
- Doesn't make any sense.
It's 10 yards to a first down.
Are you sure?
- Go on.
- Anyways. Uh.
former star quarterback.
Prom king.
I married the prom queen.
First year of college.
I blew out my ACL and MCL
and I missed the draft
'cause I didn't recover in time.
Missed going to the pros.
And I found myself losing for
the very first time
in my life.
Wife and I decided
to have a baby.
Thought that maybe it
would change things.
And it did for a while.
Made me forget who I used to be.
For a while at least.
- And now?
- Divorced.
I work here. digging really
deep holes in the ground.
Just trying to survive
one day at a time.
And I got to tell you.
this day has
thrown me for a loop.
- Whoa.
- Do we keep going?
That's a yes.
- Look at that.
There's a ledge on both sides.
We can make it.
- Well. we can. but whoa.
- Did you ever
play lava as a kid?
You know. with couch cushions?
- Yeah.
- Well. this is just like that.
- Except with real lava
that kills you instantly
when you touch it.
- So. don't touch it.
- Goddammit.
Would this be a bad time
to ask something about you?
Shoot.
- You always so gung-ho?
- What do you mean?
- Not looking before you leap.
Danger in your blood.
Shimmying across a narrow ledge
with the potential to fall
into a bubble bath of death.
- Calculated risks.
I mean. I'm not gonna be
some damsel in distress.
just waiting for a man
with a hero complex to save me.
- Hero complex?
- I follow my gut.
Always.
And. right now.
my gut is telling me
that that's the way
to get answers.
- Do I want to know
the question?
- Trust me.
Don't let go!
- I'm trying really hard not to.
- Your knees?
- What's left of them.
- There's a ledge.
Can you swing me over?
- Maybe.
Okay. we can do this.
- I don't know.
- Carey.
Carey.
We can do this.
- Okay.
You ready?
- Yeah.
- One.
Two.
Hey...
we'll come back for him.
I promise.
- Thank you.
- You actually think
we're getting outta here?
More likely. we're all gonna
be buried down here together.
'cause if that thing
doesn't kill us.
the roof collapsing in
probably will.
- Shut up. Declan.
- Oh. we are all gonna die
horrible. horrible deaths.
- Declan!
Shut up.
They're not gonna
leave us down here.
They will find a way.
Do you think?
People buried in mine.
It's ratings gold.
And the longer this drags out.
the more the network's
gonna love it.
"Declan Drummond
buried alive."
And I'm not even
there to report it.
- Can't be that jaded.
- Look. kid. until you've sat
in a network boardroom trying
to figure out how to improve
ratings. shut the hell up.
'cause I guarantee
you right now.
they're dragging the dead
Russki's family out in front
of the cameras and
people are eating it up.
No offense to your comrade.
May God rest his
commie bastard soul.
- The hell is wrong with you?!
- Oh. whoa. whoa. okay.
Look. I got a bit
of a condition. okay?
And I get. like.
when I'm in anxious
or I'm in stressful situations.
I just tend to blurt out
whatever comes into my mind.
I don't have a filter. Asian!
Goddamn. sorry.
- Calm down. shut up.
- Okay.
Thank you.
- You date this asshole?
- Uh. dated.
Past tense.
- Okay. we broke up. like.
yesterday.
so the past tense thing-
- Okay. and as much
as I'd love to see
you take a swing at him-
- Whoa.
- He's telling you the truth.
He's an idiot.
- See?
Told you.
- Doctor diagnosed.
- Yeah. I've even got medicine
for days when it's bad.
Well. take two.
- Well. that's not really
the recommended dosage.
but maybe I can...
Guys?
- Thanks.
That's twice now
you've helped me.
- Yeah. I guess so.
- Do you feel that?
It's hot.
- Yeah.
- No. I mean.
it's really. really hot!
Hot. hot. hot. hot. hot.
Oh. shoe.
What the hell is that?
It's some kind of altar.
- Altar?
What is this.
some kind of church?
- No denomination I know of.
It's all carved out of stone.
These are amazing.
- I've seen these before.
- Really?
- Yeah. when my
daughter sends me
a text message
filled with emojis.
- Funny.
- Hm.
Amazing how civilization
has reached a point
where it can communicate
through cartoons.
- The people here.
they worshiped the monster.
Like some kind of deity.
They brought it what they could.
or they would
suffer the consequences.
- Consequences?
- Yeah. look.
it's pretty graphic.
- Oh. you're not kidding.
Is that the queen?
- I'm not sure.
But look. there's more.
Eight acolytes
surround the monster.
creating some kind of
larger force.
Their power extends
far beyond anything
we could ever imagine.
- Hunter. I think
I found their queen.
- That's not their queen.
She's the sacrifice. Look.
They fed their purest
to the monster
to keep it satisfied.
- Virgin sacrifice?
- Is there any other kind?
- Sure.
Custody every other weekend
and every third holiday.
- Ouch.
- Yeah.
- But it looks like she
doesn't die after the ritual.
After the sacrifice.
she becomes...
something more.
- Maybe she was a keeper.
Good looks. smart. funny.
You know. the total package.
- Yeah. well. she's been dead
for a couple hundred years.
I'm pretty sure
her conversation skills
would leave much to be desired.
- If six years of marriage
taught me anything.
it's that silence is golden.
Fuck!
- Great. we've been
walking around in circles.
Well. that's just perfect.
- You're not helping. Declan.
- How do you want me
to help. Annie?
Maybe you can tell me
how to move
two billion tons of
rock out of the way.
- Well. you are an expert
in shovelling shit.
- Oh. and you would know?
- You know what.
I wouldn't even be here
if it wasn't for you.
- You wouldn't be anywhere
if it wasn't for me.
You'd still be
doing the weather.
Oh. really?
You know what.
I am so sick and tired of-
- You're sick and tired of me?
- Can you fix it?
No. It's done.
But. uh.
maybe I can build
something else.
- You think so?
- Maybe.
With a little time.
Some luck.
- That's what I like to hear.
- I'm gonna need those goggles.
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
This is all your fault!
- It's not my fault!
Nothing's my fault. okay?
- "Look at me. I'm Declan.
I'm off my pills."
- Oh-
- Hey. guys.
- What?!
- Kennedy thinks she might be
able to construct something
that'll get us out of here.
- Doubt it.
- Annie. I want you
to stay with her.
Okay.
- What do you need me to do?
- You and I are gonna
keep searching for the others.
- Oh. fuck the others.
That's their bad luck.
I mean. those brave souls
will be forever remembered
and deeply mourned.
- Look. come here.
Kennedy's plan might not work-
- Oh. no shit.
- But we got to keep searching
for the others. You and me.
I mean. like heroes.
That's got to be
newsworthy. right?
- Heroes. huh?
- Well. maybe.
If the cape fits.
- Declan Drummond.
A man of his time.
- Sure.
- An icon of extraordinary
physical prowess.
- I mean. that might be pushing
it just a little bit. but-
- Okay. shut up.
I'm in.
- Great. Thanks. Declan.
- Yeah.
- You got this. yeah?
- Let's go. hero.
Ah. god.
- Guys. guys!
I found my earring!
Mwah.
- These are
hundreds of years old.
Maybe more.
How did you guys
not find this place?
- Um. Earth's pretty big.
Lot of places to dig.
We get to everything
eventually. though.
- Oh. Flashlight?
- What are you doing?
- I am documenting.
People are gonna want to know
all about this.
And it's. um.
the only camera I have. so...
How's your knee?
- Fall didn't help.
Can I be honest with you
for a sec?
- Yeah. sure.
- That was a stupid call.
Hunter.
- Excuse me?
- The lava. That was
an unnecessary risk.
You could've died.
- But I didn't.
And we would've never
found this place if I hadn't.
- We could've died.
What if I hadn't caught you?
- But you did.
- Yeah. but what if
I dropped you?
Or you dragged me down with you?
- Why are we talking about
what could've happened?
We made it out okay.
Besides. it was your choice
to reach out and catch me.
You didn't have to.
- Of course I did.
I wasn't gonna let you fall.
- My hero.
- Hey. I'm not gonna let you
brush this off.
I'm gonna tell you
exactly what I think
and. goddammit.
you're gonna listen to me.
- Can it wait?
- It can wait.
- If you plan on making
something
that gets us out of here.
I think you better hurry!
- Wow.
You really just picked
that up. didn't you?
Carey. watch out!
Hoo! Hoo!
Hunter!
- Yep.
- Thanks.
- No problem.
- Is he dead?
- Emptied the clip.
Didn't miss once.
What the hell is that?
Help me pick him up.
- She's always got to be
touching something.
- Lay him face down.
- Yeah.
What is that?
- I don't know.
- Is it actually
attached to him?
- I don't know.
- Hey. don't touch it.
- I wasn't going to.
I just want...
It's breathing.
- Is it a parasite or something?
Wait a minute.
I've seen this guy before.
- What? When?
- Churchill's friends
who died in the mine accident.
Look at this.
- Right. except for
this friend isn't dead.
He hasn't aged.
Much.
Which makes this thing
less of a parasite
and more of a symbiont.
- Right.
But he's under some kind
of trance. or something.
- It might be telepathic.
- Or magic.
But it's probably. uh.
telepathic.
What? What?
Did you see something?
It's what I don't see.
- Oh. where did he go?
Okay. he-he was dead. right?
- Yeah. he was dead.
- Shit.
- What is that?
Dr. Nicolai?
Come on.
- Wait.
- What?
He could be injured.
- Yeah. but how do you know
you can trust him?
He's Russian.
- He's a scientist.
- Yeah. the worst
kind of Russians.
- Come on.
Follow my lead.
- Follow... Oh. goddammit.
- I didn't know Hilly.
but now I do.
- Ew.
Whatever we're dealing with.
it's more intelligent
than a simple animal.
It seems to have
incredible strength
and is very hard to kill.
I'm Hunter Hazelton
and this is Channel 8 News.
- Hunter!
Come on!
- We can get him!
- What do you...
What do you think you're doing?
You saw what he's capable of.
- We can get him.
- He tried to kill us.
Now. you want to chase him
through a hole in the ground?
Hunter!
- He is getting away!
- Yes!
Yes. the pickaxe-wielding maniac
with telepathic symbolism
is getting away!
This is a good thing.
Hunter!
- Let go.
This is what I do.
I chase.
- Make me understand
why I should
just let you run
off to your death.
- Because.
Don't you feel it?
- Feel what?
- Life.
At some point.
everything starts to suck.
Your parents get older
and get sick.
Dreams that you have had
your entire life begin to fade.
or disappear completely.
replaced by whatever it is that
you're capable of accepting.
- What does that
have to do with anything?
- I want to feel
that spark of magic.
of possibility.
of monsters and adventure.
Don't you feel it right now?
If you don't.
don't you want to?
- I'm scared. Hunter.
- Exactly.
You coming?
- Wait up.
- Oh. and it was
telepathic symbiont.
It was killing me
not to correct you back there.
- What the hell is this?
Oh. god.
Oh. gross.
This stuff
is all over the place.
- Must be some kind of
incubation chamber.
- Incubation chamber?
Incubation chamber for what?
Are these eggs?
- Yeah. they're eggs.
- Ahh!
Fucking eggs!
Jesus. Fuck.
Uh. what was that?
Uh. Cam?
What is that?
Where?
- Right there.
- Where?
Um. you know karate. right?
- Why?
Because I'm Asian?
- Well...
Do you?
- Of course I know karate.
Oh. god! Oh. oh!
Oh. get it off!
Get it off! Get it off!
- I can't!
- All right. stop!
Stop. stop. stop. stop!
Oh. oh. whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa. okay. um...
It's okay.
I just... I think it's. uh...
Oh.
Okay. it's attached
itself to my body.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
It's okay. it's okay.
Uh...
Just be honest.
How does it look?
- Uh.
Declan. look.
Belong.
- Declan. let's get outta here.
- Belong.
- Declan. easy.
Declan. it's me.
Easy. Easy.
Fuck it.
Oh. that felt a lot better
than it should've.
Shit.
- Belong.
- You're pretty good with a gun.
Where'd you learn to shoot?
- My dad. mostly.
Practiced at ranges.
I usually carry all the time.
except when I'm on assignments.
- Makes you feel safer?
- It's a really loud
rape whistle.
Hey. look!
There's an opening up ahead.
Carey.
He killed himself.
- How long do you think
he's been here?
- He's a knight
in shining armor.
How many of those are left?
- Well. maybe without the armor.
Do you think that-
- That this could
lead us outta here?
- It's a worth a shot.
- Uh. how long
can you hold your breath?
- I guess we're about
to find out.
- Whoa!
Did that just happen?
- Football.
- Oh.
- The list is long.
- Okay. um. just promise
you'll come back.
- What's this?
Do I sense a hint of symbiosis?
See?
I'm learning.
- You are just
full of surprises.
But. seriously.
you should have that checked.
- Yeah.
- Carey. wait.
Promise.
- I always break my promises.
so I won't make any.
Just wish me luck.
That'll do.
Flashlight?
Bye.
- Good luck.
- There!
- What?
- I was able to scavenge
enough material
to assemble a portable
structural atom pulverizer
with rotating prism and recoil
adjusting power compensator
with a cushioned grip.
- What?
- I built an energy bomb.
You know. click. throw. kaboom!
- You made a bomb?
- Yeah. an energy bomb
to be more specific.
I had to figure out
how to harness
some of the energy relay
in order to make it.
Wow.
Great job.
Good for you.
Um. so can this
get us out of here?
- There's only one way
to find out.
Hey. guys!
- Took you long enough.
Kennedy thinks
that she created a way to...
Hey. what are you holding?
- Hunter.
Hunter!
- Cam. Cam. help me.
Please.
Cam?
Annie.
Annie. you're not one of them.
- Shh.
- What do you think
you're doing?
- Trying to blend in?
- Blend in? Help me.
- I'm sorry. that's not really
the best decision
for me to make for myself.
Don't take it personally.
I hope you can understand.
- You're not the one
being tied to an altar.
- Are you comfortable? I can try
to make it comfortable.
- Ugh. I bet you wear pink and
change your social media picture
every time the mob tells you to.
- There's nothing wrong
with taking a stand.
There are many issues
worth standing up for.
like bullying. for example.
- You are sacrificing me
to an ancient god.
- I'm sorry?
Shh! It's okay.
It'll all be over soon.
I never liked you.
Oh. okay. I guess
we're going now.
Bye. Be tasty.
- Annie.
Annie!
Somebody help me!
Hunter.
Come and see.
The past is the future.
The future is the past.
And so it goes
over and over
and over again.
Give yourself
to me.
The life.
He resists.
Hunter.
- What are you?
She will learn
her desire is to belong.
I want you to help me.
This world.
it will be mine once more.
She can be trusted.
- I won't help you.
- I told you.
You will help me.
What is this?
- It's us.
Do you remember this day?
- You looked at me
with that smile
and I thought I could
change the world.
I didn't change the world.
I didn't change anything.
You can still change
the world. Hunter.
You can help me do it.
Together.
Take my hand.
Be my goddess.
- What?
- My little princess.
Mine.
- No.
This isn't real.
You're speaking as him
but you are not him.
- Hunter.
Honey.
I'm so proud of you.
Isn't that what you want?
- Get out of my head.
- Baby girl.
You belong to me.
- No.
- Get out of my head!
- Shh. shh. shh. shh.
It's okay. it's okay.
- You came back.
- Yeah.
Oh!
- You came back.
- I'm not sure where they went.
but we got to go now.
We can get out underwater.
We can swim out of here.
- Okay. Carey. that thing.
it communicated with me.
I saw things.
- What things?
- Death. Destruction.
An orgy.
Okay. let's go.
- Orgy?
Wait. tell me more
about the orgy.
- Come on.
- It's a long swim.
but I think we can make it.
- Carey. thanks again so much
for coming back for me.
Don't sweat it. I-
- Carey!
- It's got me!
- Give me your hand.
- Run!
- Carey!
Hunter.
come back to me.
You belong to me.
- Cam.
don't make me do this.
Cam. please.
- Whoa. whoa! Whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hunter?
- Cam?
- I think it's letting go.
Try and get it off me.
- Okay.
- Hey. Hunter.
- Hey. Cam.
- Some story. huh?
Me without my camera.
Listen.
it knows everything that we do.
Our deepest desires. our...
our fears.
And it wants out of this place.
And you can't let it.
- It was in my mind. too.
It showed me my father.
- Then you know...
You know you have to
finish this.
You can't let that thing
get outta here.
- I know. but how do I stop it?
- There's a weapon.
Kennedy made it.
It's at the cave-in site.
It's an energy bomb.
and it's our only hope
at stopping it.
- I'll find it.
Cam.
It's okay.
- I'm dying. Hunter.
Don't leave me like this.
You know what you have to do.
- I can't do it.
- Hunter.
you are the
strongest person I know.
- I love you. Cam.
Mr. Hazelton.
do you have any last words
you'd like to share with us
about your daughter?
- We don't want to talk to you.
- Last words?
What the hell's wrong with you?!
I'll tell you something.
My daughter. Hunter.
she's a survivor.
She's gonna fight.
She's gonna find
her way out of that damn mine.
And then you'll see.
She's gonna make me
and the whole country proud.
just like she always does.
'cause my baby girl
doesn't know the meaning
of the word quit.
Now get the fuck off my lawn.
you goddamn parasite.
- Obviously. a tense situation.
Next up. we go live
to talk with the family
of Russian scientist
Alek Nicolai.
- Leave my friend alone.
Who knew that would
come in handy?
Shh! What are you
doing here?
- I escaped. I was looking
for a way out.
You have to help me.
- Help you? You tried
to sacrifice me
like. five minutes ago.
- I've changed?
I've seen the error of my ways.
Um.
You're a good person?
- Fuck you.
- I deserve that.
- Fine. follow me.
but keep your mouth shut.
We need to find Carey
and then we can escape
through the back.
- There can only be only one
queen of the world.
Hunter Hazelton.
And it was never gonna be you.
Pick her up.
Let's get this over with.
Now!
It's a slight improvement.
Hunter.
- Carey?
- Are you okay?
Yeah.
- Hm.
They are yours to do with
as you please. oh. great one.
- Annie.
what are you doing?
- Oh. you're not the only
smart one here. Hunter.
I read the hieroglyphics. too.
This thing needs a sacrifice
to keep it in check.
And by my count. I have
two sacrifices right here.
- She's talking about us. right?
- When you rejected its offer.
what did you think
was gonna happen?
That it would just stop
because Hunter Hazelton said no?
Of course it's not gonna stop.
It found someone better.
Someone more worthy
of being its emissary.
Me.
Mm.
Oh. great and powerful
Octopus God.
behold the gifts
I have brought for thee.
- Annie. why?
- Why?
Easy.
One: Survival.
Two: Queen of the
fucking world.
Three:
Eternal youth.
You know. I don't know how
you turned all that down.
- Yeah. that last one
is pretty cool.
- And on top of it all.
I get an army
of brainwashed slaves to control
with the deal.
Well. Declan was
already halfway there.
but you know what I mean.
- Annie. do you really think
you can appease a giant monster?
- I guess we're about to
find out.
- Hunter. look at me.
Look at me.
Don't be afraid.
- Annie. that is the second time
you tried to sacrifice me today.
- Once you do it the first time.
it is infinitely easier
the second time around.
You had your chance. Hunter.
and like always.
you just weren't good enough.
- We'll see.
We'll see how smart
your ancient deity really is.
Do you know what this is?
- Hunter. what are you doing?
- You know what she knows.
You do know this is bad news.
- Hunter. you're ruining
everything.
I've got this under control.
- You let me and my friend go.
or I press this button
and everything ends.
- Oh.
- Smart girl.
Hunter. what are you doing?
- Exerting my dominance.
Hopefully.
Come on. let's go.
- No. wait. Where are you going?
You can't leave.
You can't leave here without me.
Oh. no. no. I was just kidding.
I would never leave you. baby.
Please.
- We can't leave her like this.
- I know.
You're welcome.
Come on. let's go.
Oh.